Create rule S6446 (#1229)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6446/java/rule.adoc

> Starting from Java 18 there is a possibility to write code snippets in javadoc comments. You can also highlight some parts of the code to draw attention to a desired part of a snippet by adding a `substring` attribute. If mentioned substring is not present in the line, nothing will be highlighted, thus it makes no sense to keep such attributes.

Reviewer: Yep, thanks. I think it will be more convenient if you use "suggest changes" for such comments
```suggestion
Starting from Java 18 there is a possibility to write code snippets in javadoc comments. Within snippets, you can target specific parts of the code using a `substring` attribute to be highlighted, linked, or replaced. If the mentioned substring is not present in the line, nothing will be done. You should check that the substring does not contain a typo, or that the substring code initially targeted still exists in the snippet.
```
